---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
slug: privacy-policy
date: 2018-08-10
hide: true
---

# Privacy Policy

**Effective date: August 10, 2018**

Meagerfindings ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://meagerfindings.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy for Meagerfindings is [generated by the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed](https://termsfeed.com/privacy- policy/generator/).

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://meagerfindings.com/privacy-policy

## Definitions

  - **Service**: Service is the https://meagerfindings.com website operated by Mat Greten.
  - **Personal Data**: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified
    from those data (or from those and other information either in our
    possession or likely to come into our possession).
  - **Usage Data**: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of
    the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the
    duration of a page visit).
  - **Cookies**: Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you
("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Cookies and Usage Data

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  - **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
    - The session cookie that we use is set by our commenting system to allow you to modify or delete a comment while your session is still active as we do not store logins, but only your comment, submitted name, email address, and optional website name.
  - **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences
    and various settings.
  - **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

##### This website does support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.

## Use of Data

Meagerfindings uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain the Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when
    you choose to do so
  * To provide customer care and support
  * To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the
    Service
  * To monitor the usage of the Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Meagerfindings will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

Meagerfindings may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  - To comply with a legal obligation
  - To protect and defend the rights or property of Meagerfindings
  - To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  - To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  - To protect against legal liability

### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

  - **Google Analytics**: Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Read the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics here: [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en)

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## The rights of Users

Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.

In particular, Users have the right to do the following:

    - Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
    Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
    - Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
    - Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
    - Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
    - Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
    - Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
    - Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.

### Details about the right to object to processing

Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.

Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights

Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
- By email: mgreten+meagerfindings@gmail.com
